### Daily Documentation - [2024-01-22] including 2024-01-19 and 20

## What I Accomplished Yesterday :

(2024-01-18)

- Added issue
  Ensure that 'authorize' only listens on 'admin/authorize' when I log in and log out, as well as on '/login' and '/adminpanel', so that it doesn't run all the time.#178

- Address the issue so that products can be added from both the event and facility models, as the current solution only pertains to events.#174
  Fix issue with adding products from event and facility models, and get info from both clientside.

  Time: 1h 24min estimate:8h

- Research and plan how to implement booking functionality for facilities.#179 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/179

  Time: 32min NOT DONE estimate: 8h

  -Build a basic structure for the admin panel.#103
  https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/103

  Time: 3h 12min estimate:4h

- Create a function on the client side to retrieve all orders, enabling the retrieval of all information based on the product ID.#173 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/173
  Moving orders to AdminPanel and adjusting layout later in a separate task.

  Time:now: 37min total: 3h 45min estimate: 5h

- created issue: Create a polished appearance and layout for orders in the AdminPanel.#183

(2024-01-19 and 20)

I worked on "Address the issue so that products can be added from both the event and facility models, as the current solution only pertains to events.#174" before documentation.

Time: 1h 24min estimate: 8h

- Address the issue so that products can be added from both the event and facility models, as the current solution only pertains to events.#174
- Fix issue with adding products from event and facility models, and get info from both clientside.

  Time: 1h 24min estimate: 8h

- Build a basic structure for the admin panel.#103
  https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/103

  Time: 3h 12min estimate: 4h

- Build basic UI on the frontend to list all facilities and events.#106

  Time: 40min + 2h 17min total: 3h estimate: 4h

  Created basic layout to list events and facilities in admin panel. May need to add other fields later, but this is the foundation.

- Adminpanel client-side: Functionality to add, modify, delete, and add products. (also worked on today)
  #105

  Time: estimate: 8h

  Delete: 49min

  Edit: 5h 15min

  Add: 2h 15min + 1h 16min

  Total: 9h 35min

## What I Will Do Today:

- Move over issues from the previous sprint since I spent so much time working on creating orders and Stripe.
- Adminpanel client-side: Functionality to add, modify, delete, and add products.
  -Do research on how I can upload images/files from the computer when creating products in the admin panel.
  #135
- Create issue: Create an upload function for images, both in the backend and frontend.
- Work on Create an upload function for images, both in the backend and frontend.
- Test to insert some facilities and events into the database from admin panel.
  #133
- Create issue: Implement a feature where events are deducted from the stock in the database when a ticket is purchased.
- Create issue: Display a message if it's not verified but still proceeds to the confirmation page.

## Problems:

I'm unsure if I will be able to complete the project on time.

## Research:

Uploading images/files

## Realizations:

Realized that I forgot 2 things:

- Need to specify which customer placed an order in the order details. Retrieve it from the Stripe customer email.
- Subtract events from inStock when placing an order. Delay facilities for now.

## Other:
