### Daily Documentation - [2024-01-23]

## What I Accomplished Yesterday :

Created issue:

- Create an upload function for images, both in the backend and frontend.
- Implement a feature where events are deducted from the stock in the database when a ticket is purchased.
- Display a message if it's not verified but still proceeds to the confirmation page.
- Create basic styling and layout.
- Specify which customer placed an order in the order details. Retrieve it from the Stripe customer email.
  #193

Done:

- Adminpanel client-side: Functionality to add, modify, delete, and add products.
  -Do research on how I can upload images/files from the computer when creating products in the admin panel.
  #135

  Time: 2h 15min

- Move over issues from the previous sprint since I spent so much time working on creating orders and Stripe.
- Do research on how I can upload images/files from the computer when creating products in the admin panel.
  #135

      Time: 3h 23min +    estimate: 6h

- Design and sketch website layout
  #190

      Time: 50min estimate: 3h

- Build the basic structure for the homepage.
  #93

      Time:30min estimate: 1h

- At the top of the page build a slideshow with images to create atmosphere and provide a clear overview of Sörbygden.#94 \*video

  Time:1h 10min estimate: 2h

- Construct a header with navigation links to the facility page, events page, calendar page, and homepage.
  #95

      Time: 49min estimate: 2h

  Worked on/not done:

- Create basic styling and layout.
  #191

      Time:1h 30min estimate: 6h

## What I Will Do Today:

- Display a message if it's not verified but still proceeds to the confirmation page.
  #188
- Specify which customer placed an order in the order details. Retrieve it from the Stripe customer email.
  #193
- Do research on how I can upload images/files from the computer when creating products in the admin panel.
  #135
- Work on Create an upload function for images, both in the backend and frontend.
- Test to insert some facilities and events into the database from admin panel.
  #133

## Problems:

I'm unsure if I will be able to complete the project on time.

## Research:

Uploading images/files

## Realizations:

Work through one issue at a time

## Other:
