### Daily Documentation - [2024-01-19]

## What I Accomplished Yesterday:

Added issue: Ensure that 'authorize' only listens on 'admin/authorize' when I log in and log out, as well as on '/login' and '/adminpanel', so that it doesn't run all the time.#178

- Address the issue so that products can be added from both the event and facility models, as the current solution only pertains to events.#174
  Fix issue with adding products from event and facility models, and get info from both clientside.

  Time: 1h 24min estimate: 8h

- Guidance session with the teacher

  Time: 20 min

- Research and plan how to implement booking functionality for facilities.#179 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/179

  Time: 32min NOT DONE estimate: 8h

- Build a basic structure for the admin panel.#103
  https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/103

  Time: 3h 12min estimate:4h

- Create a function on the client side to retrieve all orders, enabling the retrieval of all information based on the product ID.#173 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/173
  Moving orders to AdminPanel and adjusting layout later in a separate task.

  Time:now: 37min total: 3h 45min estimate: 5h

- created issue: Create a polished appearance and layout for orders in the AdminPanel.#183

## What I Will Do Today:

- Build basic UI on the frontend to list all facilities and events.
  #106
- Adminpanel client-side: Functionality to add, modify, delete, and add products.
  #105
- Test to insert some facilities and events into the database from admin panel.
  #133
- Do research on how I can upload images/files from the computer when creating products in the admin panel.
  #135
- Create a polished appearance and layout for orders in the AdminPanel.
  #183

## Problems:

## Research:

How I can upload images/files from the computer when creating products in the admin panel.

## Realizations:

## Other:
