### Daily Documentation - [2024-01-25]

## What I Accomplished Yesterday 23-24 :

- At the top of the page build a slideshow with images to create atmosphere and provide a clear overview of Sörbygden.
  #94

  Time: 54min

- Do research on how I can upload images/files from the computer when creating products in the admin panel.
  #135

  Time: 1h 30min

- Create an upload function for images, both in the backend and frontend.
  #186

  Time: 3h 45min

- Display a message if it's not verified but still proceeds to the confirmation page.
  #188
  Time: 31min

2024-01-24:

- Do research on how I can upload images/files from the computer when creating products in the admin panel.
  #135

  Time: 5h 15min

- Specify which customer placed an order in the order details. Retrieve it from the Stripe customer email.
  #193

  Time: 35min estimate: 2h

- Create a temporary solution for editing images with links in the admin panel.
  #197

  Time: 2h 10 min estimate: 3h

Added tasks:

- Adminpanel: Ensure that you must have at least one image before saving your updated object.
- Adminpanel: Allow the ability to add more images when creating an object.

## What I Will Do Today:

- Adminpanel: Allow the ability to add more images when creating an object.
  #199
- Adminpanel: Ensure that you must have at least one image before saving your updated object.
  #200
- Implement a feature where events are deducted from the stock in the database when a ticket is purchased.
  #187
- If an event is sold out, indicate it through text, and the booking button should be disabled.
  #77
- Researching a calendar/date picker to proceed further to booking facilities.
  #58

## Problems:

I had difficulty getting the uploading of images and saving them in the database to work, and I spent a lot of time on it. However, I made a decision to postpone that and just use URLs for now. I'll add that functionality later if time allows

## Research:

Calendar/date picker and structure for facilities

## Realizations:

I need to prioritize and focus on the important aspects of the project.

## Other:
