### Daily Documentation - [2024-01-29]

## What I Accomplished Yesterday:

- Admin panel: Ensure that you have at least one image before saving your updated object in edit mode.
  #207
  Time:1h 53min estimate: 1h

  Ensured that both 'event' and 'facility' have at least one image before saving updated object in edit mode. Additionally, apply some validation on categories and type.

- Researching a calendar/date picker to proceed further to booking facilities.
  #58

  Time: 3h 43min estimtae: 10h

Friday and sunday

- Display a datepicker when you click on the facilities button
  #59
  Added a date picker and disable dates and times earlier than the current moment
  Time: 6h 13min (not done) estimate: 3h

## Created issue:

Edit product: If you change the type, it should switch and retrieve the products, placing them in the correct tab, either 'event' or 'facility'.
#211

## What I Will Do Today:

- Plan and transfer tasks from the previous sprint to this one. Plan and prioritize what I need to get done before Thursday, and then plan what I will do before the deadline.

- Continue with: Display a datepicker when you click on the facilities button
  #59

- Figure out how the backend should be structured and how the dates should be stored in the order.#212
- Design and sketch website layout
  #190 Will also improve my design and layout on my application

- Start by working on the basic layout and text for the presentation.

## Problems:

I am uncertain about how to handle my times and dates for facility bookings, whether I should have a separate collection for dates/times, and if I can store the times in the product when I submit it to the order, considering there are two different product models.

## Research:

How i should save dates in database and order.

## Realizations:

I need to prioritize what I need to have ready for the presentation and prioritize my issues for this week.

## Other:
