### Daily Documentation - [2024-02-01]

## What I Accomplished Yesterday:

This documentation is for 3 days because time was a bit tight, and I also worked on my presentation and documentation.

Added tasks:

- Make sure the range date picker is in Swedish.#215
- Extend the function for calculating quantity so that it works to count days for facilities.
  #216

Worked on:

- Display a datepicker when you click on the facilities button
  #59

  Time: 1h 23min total: 7h 36min estimate: 3h

- Extend the function for calculating quantity so that it works to count days for facilities.
  #216

  Time: 1h 26min estimate: 2h

- Create basic styling and layout#191

  Time: 1h 45min

  Made some basic adjustments to the styling to make the page more cohesive.

- Style the shopping cart, display it on the right side of the page, and ensure that all the necessary information is there.
  #80

  Time:5h 19min estimate: 2h

Display cart at the correct position on the page, ensure proper scrolling behavior, and apply styling.
Position the cart on the right side of the page, and make product cards wrap when the cart is displayed to prevent them from getting hidden underneath. Ensure proper scrolling behavior so that the cart moves to 50vh when scrolled down. Spent some time styling the cart with proper placement and colors.

- Test to insert some facilities and events into the database from admin panel.
  #133

  Time: 53min

- Create a polished appearance and layout for orders in the AdminPanel.
  #183

  Time: 1h 33min estimate: 3h

  Created a polished appearance and layout for orders in the AdminPanel. To achieve a consistent layout, I used the Ant Design table here as well.

- Basic structure and layout event detail page
  #167

  Time: 18min estimate: 3h

- Basic structure and layout facility detail page
  #168

  Time: 13min Estimate: 4h

- Design and create a footer with additional information and links.
  #98

  Time: 37min estimate: 0.5h

- Figure out how the backend should be structured and how the dates should be stored in the order.
  #212

  Time: 2h 50min estimate: 6h

## What I Will Do Today:

- My presentation and listen to my classmates presentations
- Finish some lose ends
- Add comment in the code where needed.
- Clean up the code and remove console logs.
- Review my project before sending it in.

## Problems:

## Research:

## Realizations:

There is so much more I want to do, but I have to draw a line here for submission and then turn it in. I will continue working on it after it's submitted.

## Other:
