### Daily Documentation - [2024-01-17]

## What I Accomplished Yesterday:

- Create a model for orders and implement functionality to save orders in the database when the payment is verified.#160

- Build a basic structure for the login page.#100
  Implementing server endpoints for authentication checks. Managing admin user authentication state through context, creating content in components for login and admin panel.
  Time: 4h 36min estimate: 3h
- Started on
  -Build a basic structure for the admin panel.#103

## What I Will Do Today:

- Build a basic structure for the admin panel.#103
- Build endpoints on the backend to fetch all facilities and events, functionality to add, modify, delete, and add products – CRUD.#105
- Test to insert some facilities and events into the database from admin panel.#133

## Problems:

Saving orders to database

## Research:

## Realizations:

## Other:

Forgot to send this in the morning, so I´m writing what I've been working on today also:

Solved the issue of saving orders in the database and retrieving them on the client side. I've been working on #160 for a long time without finding the right way to save in the database. However, now I believe I've resolved it by sending the product ID in the checkout session and then fetching and saving them in an order in my verify session function.
I created the model with the product referenced only to events, so that's something I've assigned as a task to solve the issue of being able to reference either events or facilities.
Created an endpoint to fetch orders and created a function on the client side to retrieve all orders, enabling the retrieval of all information based on the product ID.
Tested to fetch all the required information on the home page just to see if it works.

### Tasks:

- Create a model for orders and implement functionality to save orders in the database when the payment is verified.#160 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/160

  Time before: 11t 33min Time today: 6h estimate: 4h

- Create an endpoint to fetch orders.#161 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/161
  Time: 45min estimate: 1h
  Create a function on the client side to retrieve all orders, enabling the retrieval of all information based on the product ID.#173 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/173

  Time:3h 8 min estimate: 5h
