### Daily Documentation - [2024-01-06]

## What I Accomplished Yesterday:

- Transfer and plan more tasks from sprint 2 to sprint 1.#131 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/131

  Transfered more tasks from sprint 2 to sprint 1. Since sprint 1 was started a week earlier, I completed it earlier. And plan what to add to my sprint 1 based on what I believe I can accomplish in 2 days.

  Time: 1h 5min estimate: 1h

- Remove the functionality that creates the product in Stripe.#130 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/130

  Since I realized that I don't need to have it.
  Time: 1h 7min estimate: 0.5h

- Insert products and variants into the database and Stripe#47 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/47

  Changed the issue to Insert some facilities and events into the database so that I can retrieve them later on the facilities and event pages. Just test data to get started and generate content, to later input real products into the admin panel.

  This is when i realized I need to change productmodel

  Time: 1h 8min estimate: 8h

- Reorganize backend model, router, and controller with facilities and events instead of only products.#136 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/136

  Time: 2h 52min estimate: 4h

## What I Will Do Today:

- Build basic functionality and UI on the frontend to fetch facilities in a list and ensure that the connection works.#55
- Build basic functionality and UI on the frontend to fetch events in a list.#76

## Problems:

Feels like I'm not making progress because I've had to rethink a lot. Additionally, I notice that I often get caught up in details for an extended period instead of moving forward and allowing things to unfold during the process.

## Research:

Created a task: Do research on how I can upload images/files from the computer when creating products in the admin panel.#135 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/135
Previously, I've only used links to images online or placed them in an assets folder on the client side. However, in this project, I want to enable users to upload images from their computer or device and store them somewhere.

## Realizations:

I realized that I needed to create two different models for events and facilities since they had some differences. Therefore, I had to create new controllers and routes as well

## Other:
