### Daily Documentation - [2024-01-04]

## What I Accomplished Yesterday:

- Research the connection between Stripe and MongoDB Atlas. https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/48

      Time: 21min

  Total: 6h + 21min
  estimate: 12h

- Functionality for product and categories endpoints to create, update, and delete in Stripe as well.
  Implemented the creation of a Stripe product in the createProduct functionality and updating the product schema but not update and delete. https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/121

      Time:1h 40min + 1h 45min

  Estimate: 6h

- Basic frontend setup: Create essential folders and files. https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/43
  Time: 12min estimate: 1h

- Create essential pages such as the homepage, booking page, login, facility page, eventpage and admin panel, as well as routes. https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/44
  Time: 36min estimate: 2h

      Created essential pages such as the homepage, premises page, event page, detail page, login page, calendar page, order
      confirmation page and admin panel, as well as routes.

- Create content for products and event posters.#124 https://github.com/Cajolina/sorbygden-booking-app/issues/124
  Time: 01h 50min

      TOTAL: 1h 50min - I went to the local heritage association and took pictures of the buildings, cabins, and facilities. + 2h 50min - Creating posters + 1 h 50min - creating more posters and pick images and title,price and description.

  Estimate: 6h

## What I Will Do Today:

The guidance session with the teacher was canceled. I took a completely free day to attend an interview for Internship Period 2. I will make up for that day over the weekend.

## Problems:

I got stuck on creating product in Stripe with images, it only saved one.
Trying to update and delete products in Stripe - temporarily paused to figure out if I should exclusively handle products in Stripe and fetch them from there, or if I can retrieve and display products from MongoDB.

## Research:

## Realizations:

Haven't done 'Create a blueprint of the venue where various tables can be booked' because I noticed that time was running out. It's something I can plan for later if there's time.

## Other:
